a token why I'm here presenting a title
it's been a while since you we've heard
from the mall vs capcom series we had
model vs capcom 2 and i'm here today to
announce more verse capcom 3 along with
capcom's revival the fighting genre
we're bringing back to our vs. series in
a big way and this is just the first in
one of many announcements that will
accompany the game before she leaves we
really started working in development in
summer 2008 but all the contract and
legal negotiations that came way before
that as well so we were in production
well we started to produce this game
before the success of marvel capcom 2 as
a downloadable title yeah if you look at
where both Marvel and Capcom are now to
where they were when well risk have come
to come out they're both much bigger
companies and with that there's a whole
bowl of issues that a company that both
companies have a lot more content a lot
of newer IPS that can exist many years
ago and then there's though all the
licensing issues that relate to that and
on our side capcom's development side we
decide what kind of characters we want
to see in this game and then we make the
put my dish and then we bring it to
Marvel and they look at it and say sorry
you can't use this guy use this one
instead and they give us suggestions and
that helps us refine the process and of
course they have their own needs and
what they want to see in this type of
game so they may provide us with their
own list and we try to mix and match and
end up with a result where everyone's
happy event
today we're announcing six characters
for it that'll you'll be able players
when the game comes out on the Marvel
side you have Wolverine Iron Man and
Hulk and on the Capcom side we have a
new Morgan and resident evil 5 s Chris
Redfield he's one of the new characters
you'll remember he was not in my first
have come to to round out the roster
hopefully in 30 characters or so we're
looking at which characters are most
popular right now and also which
characters have that Flair for
over-the-top move that we can exploit
for the game because you want to use
characters that are interesting have
personality and the ones that don't have
that don't make for good fighting game
characters so we're trying to find the
ones that have the right balance of
personality for the game we take the
characters that people want to see we
put them in the game and then we try to
show off what will make them cool and
the cool things they do are the things
that people want to be able to do easily
and quickly so we're trying to take
those elements and make them as simple
as possible so anyone can see these cool
things a character to do right away but
at the same time we're not forgetting
that it's still a fighting game and the
people who keep playing it and look and
scratch beneath the surface will see
that there is significant balance to it
and that there it is a meaty game for
those who are looking for those elements
in it well right off the bat of Mg
framework allows us to bring out the
visuals that we want to achieve for this
type of game and it has a high fidelity
high quality when it comes to visuals
and then second thing is with empty
framework is it's just easy to use and
easy to make games with and that's
especially cogent for us because we need
to put this on multiple platforms and
empty frameworks allows us to you
utilize the best of all the systems when
making a game
if we stay on schedule and we work
really hard we're looking to get it to
your hands in spring 2011 until then we
got a lot of more announcements that
will be keep coming out from the game
goes on sale so you have them to afford